Woman’s World

ITEMS OP INTEREST -Mr. and Mrs. Jiaiiy Chadwick. of Wellington, are Uu* guots of Mrs. I’. A. Bourke, Whenuakura. Mrs. .}. McCarty is mi a visit to Hclcnsville. What was described as a flagrant fraudulent misrepresentation to obtain work on the unemployment relief works was reported to the Dunedin Hospital Board, ii eras stairs! that a mail, by represent ing that he laid a wife and seven children, had been given the maximum amount of relief work, whereas il wa.' I'oiiild that, lie was single, with only his mother dependent on him. it was resolved to place tin.' matter in the hands of the police.

A FAMILY GATHERING,

A memorable family gathering took plain, at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Bourke, Wlienuaknni. on Sunday lasi, on the occasion of the blilh birthdav of Mrs, Chadwick, sen., of Hare e a. mother of Mrs. I’. A. Bourke. Among those present were; Mrs. Chadwick. sen.. Mr. and Mrs. l.eo Chadwick (Hawera). Mr. and Mrs. Prod Chadwick (Hawera). Mr. and Mrs. Hector Chadwick (Peildir.g). Mr. and Mrs. Harry Chadwick (Wellington), Mr. and Mrs. Wnnn (Opniiake), Mr. and Mrs. Bash (Dannevirkc ). and Mr. and Mrs. Horton (Hawera). Mr. and Mrs. Norman Chadwick, of Ta ilia pc, were unable to be present on account of illness. ‘The visitors sat down to a bountiful lunch on their arrival, whilst in the evening all were entertained right royally at a wonderful birthday tea. TB tables wore decorated with anemones and ixias, and were laden with every possible delicacy. Pride of place was given to a handsome three-decker birthday cake, gay with (i(i candles, which, in due course, were lit and extinguished and the cake cut and enjoyed by all. Mrs. Chadwick was the recipient of many congnrtulatory messages and good wishes for her future health, and happiness, both from members of her family and a wide circle of friends in South Taranaki, when' sir is well known for her generous and kindly nature, and her skill in domestic. crafts. For many years she has carried off numerous prizes in the home industries section of the Hawera A. and P. Show, being one of the oldest and most skilful exhibitors.

SVELTE STREET FROCK. Quito one of the prettiest frocks Clara Bow lias worn for somo time is of dark blue 01-0710 do chine romainc, which is fashioned into a jacket and pleated skirt, contrasted by a blouse of white satin, which shows the latest in scalloped effects down the front and lower edge, which falls .gracefully over the tight hip-band of the skirt. A large cluster of red, white, nnd blue carnations lend a quaint touch of colour, and her little hat of matching blue velvet is turned pertly off the face, showing the star's beautiful curly hair. Black satin pumps and promenade shaded hose, which is quite the newest tone for street "ear. complete the enseml de. PEANUT MUNCHES. One teacup of sugar. 1 breakfastcup of flour, 1 cup of 'butter, 2 eggs, li teaspoons of cocoa, quarter teaspoon of salt, half a pound of shelled peanuts (walnuts or almonds will do, according to taste). Add quarter teaspoon of baking powder. Molt the butter, add the sugar and eggs, then dry ingredients. Brop in teaspoon lots on tray. Bake in a moderate oven. FUN. The usual crowd was sitting round a dentist's room the other .day, when one boy looked up from the paper he had found on the table and said cheerily; "1 see there’s been a big battle on the coast of Jutland."

This article text was automatically generated and may include errors. View the full page to see article in its original form.
Woman’s World
PATEA MAIL, VOLUME LI, 29 OCTOBER 1930, PAGE 4
