https://www.guatepymes.com/geodic.php?keyw=8422

The lands of San José del Golfo, of greater elevation in its southern part, go down as they extend towards the north until forming the shore that limits the valley of the river Plátanos, being in this fertile valley and more or less warm the villages Loma Tendida and Pontezuelas, with their respective hamlets. Almost towards the south end is the village Caulote with its hamlets, specifically Garibaldi and Pueblo Nuevo, while west the village is located El Jabillal, Loma Tendida village, located on the banks of the stream Los Acoles that, with other currents , they circumscribe by the west and east the hills of Ocote Rajado. 
San José del Golfo, with the name of San José, during the Hispanic period was hacienda that belonged first to the Company of Jesus and then to the Santo Domingo convent of the current city of Guatemala. It was measured in 1823 by the surveyor Don Manuel Vargas, detaching from the file found in the Land Section the following boundaries he had: Las Pontezuelas north; to the south, the Navajas River, the Peña Tajada, El Capulín Stream, La Laguneta and the Ocote Rajado Hill; to the east, the Navajas River to its confluence with the Agua Caliente river and the same downstream to the Arenal stream, while on the north was the Ocote Rajado hill as well as the Tajada hill, until the meeting of the Las Pontezuelas dividing line. 
The hacienda was sold in public auction by the General Intendency of the State of Guatemala on August 8, 1831 to Don Juan de Dios Mayorga. His sole heiress, Doña Juana Mayorga, in turn sold it on September 26, 1841 to General Carrera, who on December 9, 1841, before the offices of the notary Mr. José María Gavarrete, sold it to Lieutenant Colonel Macario Santa Cruz, who agreed testamentary disposition of January 20, 1855 before the scribe Don Manuel Ariza inherited it to his sheets Dolores and Olaya. 
Doña Olaya Santa Cruz sold her part to her sister Dolores, who at the same time sold the hacienda on January 31, 1880 according to a deed passed before the offices of the notary Mr. Enrique Toriello to Mr. Bertrán Agustín Mitford for the sum of 10,000 pesos. Subsequently, Mr. Mitford sold the property, registered in the Land Registry with an extension of 661/2 caballerias to Mr. Lorenzo Véliz, who inherited it from his children, this being the origin of the Véliz-Palencia families. 
